capital can be regardless of their
for the fact that people can have sex
have fun even
if they secretly did not recognize i am ok
here
there is
paradox
milky trap
and this question is that we are first company
suspected it convincingly
direct measurements
you were experimenting in
labs of professor korotkova
in Estonia
young men and women were in
indoors
in the money transfer building besides
it is determined not only in Italy
physiological response
The conclusion that scientists made first
concerns a man
naturally technical tech
lead release of the company
reprimand stressful condition
with all the pages of text it measures
and there is happiness but if not to say that
repeat a similar experiment though he
quite complicated
and neat and curve every time
energy bursts on the monitor
showed that in the absence
love during physical intimacy
committee members do not transfer women at all
t
when it's kind of
love relationship
then it gives rise touch
so both men and women
which is also a powerful state
which is why the state
company in its style
Besides
a meeting that the fact that from the fact that something
special